avoid sending one statement to multiple bodies (#81)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-iab-rfc4053bis.md

  in the receiving organisation, following their internal process.

To:
: The statement needs to indicate to which body it is sent. A statement may be sent to multiple
   groups within one body or even multiple bodies. However, it is rather recommended to send separate

>    statements to different bodies to avoid unnessary interconnections.

Author: ```suggestion
: The statement needs to indicate to which body it is sent to. A statement may be sent to multiple
   groups within one body or even multiple bodies. However, it is recommended to send separate
   statements to different bodies to avoid unnecessary interconnections.
```
